# Exhibit Monitor
## Java Practice Assignment
Problem: Exhibits are CSV files which contains loan data of a bank. Sample structure of the CSV would be
Sr. no., first name, Last name, date of birth, date of death, loan amount

CSV files are uploaded on FTP server from various bank locations. Every CSV file has specific time. The file should be received before specific time. If file arrives on FTP server after the scheduled time it should be deleted.
Application should accept only valid files. A Valid file is the one which is in the knowledge of the application. i.e. if a.csv is uploaded on the FTP server then application should know that it is supposed to be receiving a.csv at a particular time. Duplicate files should be deleted.

After receiving valid files they should be parsed to check whether the records are correct and as per the files format. Files should be parsed concurrently.

After parsing the file the valid records they should be transferred to databse. Invalid records should go in invalid table.
Once parsing is done the output files should be generated. E.g. output file c.csv should be generated by appending valid records of a.csv and b.csv.

Output file should be FTPed at a scheduled time. Once the file is processed it should be archived in archive folder.
## Assignment Versions
Version 1.0 - Uploaded Working XML Parser Code

Version 1.1 - Created "Task" Classes for Threads and Renaming Packages/Classes

Version 1.2 - Completed Poller Task

version 1.3 - Completed Worker Task

Version 1.4 - Completed Valid and Invalid Database Task